# DATC_DEVI_Bucharest_PowerBI Credentials Portofolio

**Source:** DATC_DEVI_Bucharest_PowerBI Credentials Portofolio.pptx

## Slide 1: VIA SOLUTION FACTORYCREDENTIALS

VIA SOLUTION FACTORYCREDENTIALS
DANUBIA ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY CENTERBucharest, Romania
January 2023
1

## Slide 2

POWER BI PROJECTS
OVERVIEW
PHARMA
FUEL & ENERGY
AUTOMOTIVE
TABACCO
2
UTILITY
TRAVEL
TRAVEL

## Slide 3

Project scope
Creating a cloud-based solution with the goal of unifying the customer’s different data sources (Cardex, Sap, etc.) into a single “source of truth” with Power BI being the reporting tool of choice. This allows for a 360 view of all the key KPIs specific to an oil and gas producer and seller.
Technology
The system architecture includes these main components:
Amazon Redshift as the databased when we the unified data is stored
MS SSMS and DBeaver for data validation and data ingestion testing
Power BI as a visualization tool – PBI Desktop for the development, PBI Service for the presentation and sharing.
Benefits provided
Friendlier user  interface compared to what was initially used
Solution combines data from different data sources and stores them in one place
Self-serve solution which allows the users to make custom reports which can be exported and used during business negotiations
3
CLOUD-BASED CENTRALIZED REPORTING
FOR A BIG FUEL & ENERGY CLIENT

## Slide 4

Project scope
Creating a reporting solution with the goal of unifying the customer’s different data sources (Zendesk Workday, Corner Stone, CMS, AWS, Payroll, etc.) into a single “source of truth” with Power BI being the reporting tool of choice. This allows for a 360 view of all the SLA, KPIs and Volumes reporting and deep dive analysis.
Technology
The system architecture includes these main components:
Automated reports received multiple times per day via email form all the sources
Raw Data saved on Share Point folders where we store all the data for now
Power BI as a visualization tool – PBI Desktop for the development, PBI Service for the presentation and sharing
Benefits provided
Solution combines data from all data sources and stores them in one place
Automatically refresh 8 times per day and can be accessed 24/7 via web
SLA/ KPI Calculations and Shared with the Client
Volumes Reporting for internal deep dive analytics
Self-serve solution allows the users to make custom reports
Reports can be exported and used during Monthly/Weekly Review and Analysis
4
CENTRALIZED REPORTING WITH POWER BI
FOR A BIG AUTOMOTIVE CLIENT

## Slide 5

5
EMBEDDED REPORTING WITH POWER BI
FOR A BIG UTILITY CLIENT
Project scope
Creating the reporting solution for Germanys utility infrastructure. This include data on energy and resource consumption, efficiency, and any issues or maintenance needs that arise. The solution will also be used to monitor and regulate the flow of gas, electricity, water, and sewage, ensuring that these resources are being used efficiently and responsibly.
Technology
Bi GENIOUS as the mane source of data with data vaults created specifically for the reports
Power BI as a visualization tool – PBI Desktop for the development, PBI Service for the presentation and sharing.
Power Bi embedded in the client application with service principal login
Benefits provided
The dashboards will be embedded in the web app:
Extract legal reports regarding the utilities
To monitor any inconsistencies in usage
To track different stats related to billing, marketing, monitoring and many more

## Slide 6

6
TURNING DATA INTO INSIGHTS
FOR A BIG PHARMA CLIENT
Project scope
Provide insights for the digital and business stakeholders for better understanding of company expenses and consumer preferences.
Technology
Snowflake database as the main source of data.
Power BI as a visualization tool – PBI Desktop for the development, PBI Service for the presentation and sharing, Pipelines for environments deployment.
Jira/Confluence to track the tasks down and to document them.
Benefits provided:
Financials reports for a better understand of the expenses
Help the sales department to take better decisions
Discover the causes of profits and loss
Data visualization in an easy and organized way

## Slide 7

7
Project scope
Implementing a cloud-based solution that provides a transparent view of Power BI markets performances .
Technology
Talend as an ETL tool for extracting and integrating data from relevant data sources.
Azure Data Lake
Power BI as a visualization tool – PBI Desktop for the development, PBI Service (web and mobile) for presentation and sharing.
Power BI REST API
Power BI Log Analytics
Benefits provided
Collect, on data generated by applications, devices, and other components wanalyze, and report it in an IT environment.
Gain insights into your log data and make more informed decisions based on that information.
Easy-to-use interface for exploring and analyzing data, as well as a variety of pre-built visualizations and reports to quickly gain insights into the log data.
Check the correctness of the queries, impact of them into capacities, refresh duration, refresh of loading reports.
MARKETS PERFORMANCE ANALYSIS  WITH POWER BI
FOR A BIG TABACCO INDUSTRY CLIENT

## Slide 8

TRVEL & BOOKING REPORTING
Project scope
Manage and storage all the travel and booking information into an application and create transparent dashboards to meet business requirements.
Technology
Azure DevOps as a ticketing tool and as a data source for application insights graphs.
Cosmos DB as a central data warehouse.
Power BI as a visualization tool – PBI Desktop for the development, PBI Service (web) for presentation and sharing.
Synapse as a main source used into Power BI.
Benefits provided
Automatically refresh 8 times per day and can be accessed 24/7 via web.
The application is user friendly and can be easily used by the users and accelerate digital transformation within the company.
The solution implements an operational layer dashboard to satisfy all users’ s questions and show all the important information about travel and booking dates introduced into the app.
Digital KPI dashboards empower business stakeholders on both group and regional unit levels to make better, data-driven decisions.
8

## Slide 9: TURNING DATA INTO INSIGHTS FOR A BIG DEFENCE CLIENT

TURNING DATA INTO INSIGHTS FOR A BIG DEFENCE CLIENT
Project scope
Supply monitoring and analyzing ( procurement and stock )
risk identification,
quick abnormal situation identification,
time analysis ( value, waiting, rework ) per operation
Technologies used
Benefits
Same solution for every department of the client – abstraction and consistency among the process they use. See data in real time in a readable manner.
RLS is implemented at the department level.
Azure Analysis Service
Azure DataLake
Data Factory
Azure SQL Server
PowerBI

## Slide 10: TURNING DATA INTO INSIGHTS FOR A BIG DEFENCE CLIENT

Project scope
Monitoring and analyzing product licenses.
Technologies used
Benefits
PowerBI app gives the user the possibility to review the data faster. Together with the web application, the user can review and update the licensees faster and more efficiently.
RLS is implemented at the data model level.
PowerBI
Postgre SQL
TURNING DATA INTO INSIGHTS FOR A BIG DEFENCE CLIENT
